Yo, I've been waiting for you for a long time
Mr. Chen, I beg you
Leave my sister-in-law alone
In my sister-in-law's belly
You still suspect the flesh and blood of our Ouyang family?
Our Ouyang family can't stop. Can't we?
As long as you let my sister-in-law go
You can ask me to do anything
You and your sister-in-law
As expected of the two beauties of Nancheng
More beautiful than the women I have in the imperial capital
Even crying is so beautiful
Wouldn't it be better to be so good earlier?
Why do you rebel against me?
Whoops, total victory.
You go away
I'm sorry, Mr. Chen, I didn't understand just now
Please forgive me.
Ha-ha.
Don't you blame us for what happened to your parents?
Please leave me a red note for my mother's family
It's a bit tricky
That woman was appointed by my mother
It's been taken away by my mom now
But
My mom loves me the most
As long as you make me comfortable today
Can try
No, Mr. Chen
I can promise you anything but this.
Why are you so ignorant?
Can't you show up?
What else can you do?
I will eat you today
Let go of me!